samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channels_combine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\gaussian_blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dot_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fill_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_depth.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\flip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sobel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\div.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\cmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\add_weighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\gaussian_blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\count_nonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\medianBlur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\cvutils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStdIO.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRationalAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImageAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepImageStateAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLineOrderAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPartType.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathShear.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThread.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphorePosixCompat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChromaticitiesAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Half\half.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZipCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImage.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathFun.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfConvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompositeDeepScanLine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOpaqueAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaYca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channels_combine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channel_extract.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOpaqueAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelList.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLineOrderAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFramesPerSecond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStdIO.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHeader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVecAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVersion.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDoubleAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphorePosixCompat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathBox.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRleCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDoubleAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\flip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathBox.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiView.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathVec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepImageStateAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelList.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Half\half.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfWav.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImage.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\bilateralFilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\rotationConverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\createsamples\createsamples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\frameProcessor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\cascadeclassifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_data.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512icl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_vsx_asm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\vtk_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512knm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_msa.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_vsx3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_rvv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_msa.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\win32uitest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cxx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\openvx_refenum_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_cicrlesGrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\homography_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibinit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\checkchessboard.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\levmarq.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\compat_ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_calibration_hand_eye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_timing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_undistort_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine_partial2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_usac.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\essential_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\fundamental_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_posit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\p3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\polynom_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cornerssubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\umatrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\va_intel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_openmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lapack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\datastructs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ovx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\has_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_expr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_eigen.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\convert_scale.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_countnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_usage_flags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lapack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_json.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_compare.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clfft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ovx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\va_intel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clblas.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ocl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_io_base64.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_abs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\prior_box_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reorg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\lrn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\nary_eltwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatterND_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl_fuse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\arg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flow_warp_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cumsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tflite\tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_timvx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_batchDistance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\sift.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\AKAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\KAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast_score.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_sift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\opencl\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\keypoint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\gpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\draw_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\api_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_blur_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcommon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\operators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gmetabackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gframe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ocv_stateful_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_backend_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\conc_queue_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamersource_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_util_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_integration_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_recompilation_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_roi_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ov_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\oak\gapi_tests_oak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_planar_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_core_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\media.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\bindings_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_video_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_dynamic_graph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_desc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\oak\gapi_tests_oak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\operators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\pipeline_modeling_tool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\ftp_render_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_dynamic_graph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_compile_args_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gcomputation_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamer_pipeline_facade_int_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_bench.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ocv_stateful_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_array_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_sample_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_onnx_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\gpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_integration_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_vectorref_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt_bridge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_wayland.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_spng.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdcm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_read_write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg2000.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_cvt_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_corners.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\shapedescr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\convhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\stackblur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\box_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_convhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_imgproc_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_smooth_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_resize_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_link.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_goodfeaturetotrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_smooth_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\geometry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\shapedescr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\linefit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\min_enclosing_triangle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\emd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersectconvexconvex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_goodFeaturesToTrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_bilateral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\testset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\rtrees.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_aruco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\charuco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean13_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_face.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_charucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\zmaxheap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_cascadeandhog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_face.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\graphical_code_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\upcean_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_qrcode_encode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_tutorial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\timelapsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_stich.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\motion_estimators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\ocl\test_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_arrtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_dis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optflowgf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\backend_static.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_mediandk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_uvc_stream_channel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ffmpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ximea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_pvapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\perf\perf_input.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_writer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_plugins.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_mediandk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_cicrlesGrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\solvepnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\checkchessboard.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\triangulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_undistort_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_stereomatching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\termination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_sort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_cvround.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_sparse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clblas.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ocl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\datastructs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\va_intel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\buffer_area.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matmul.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\bindings_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\system.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_concatenation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_async.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_caffe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flow_warp_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\einsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_webnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THDiskFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\caffe\caffe_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\arg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_batchDistance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\bagofwords.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_render_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\gaze_estimation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_sobel_cv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_source_to_bgr_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\rmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\operators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\bindings_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\dml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\gapi_types_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_garg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ie_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_util_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_transform_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_backend_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\optional_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_sample_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_vectorref_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_smoke_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamer_pipeline_facade_int_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\rmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gopaque.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\last_written_value_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\roiSelector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_QT.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\exif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_exr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_cvt_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_hsv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\geometry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\shapedescr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_link.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\smooth.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\rotcalipers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\featureselect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_medianfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_resize_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_approxpoly.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\nbayes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_save_load.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\zmaxheap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_detect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\graphical_code_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\detection_based_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_qrcode_encode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\charuco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\hdr_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_reprojection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_tags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_perf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optical_flow_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_pvapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_mediandk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_writer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ximea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_operators_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_sobel_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\smooth.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\draw_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_w32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_inf_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ovx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cornerssubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\geometry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_tiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\timelapsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_mfx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_parallel_rois_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ximea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\opencl\test_stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gthreadedexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_recurrent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\render\gapi_render_perf_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mean.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\count_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\convert_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_wave_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\morph.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\ocl\test_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\hal_internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\quadsubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_npr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_uvc_stream_channel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg2000_openjpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_timvx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\check.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_cicrlesGrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\min_enclosing_triangle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\epnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_roi_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\merge.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_perf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\streaming\gstreamingbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\umatrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_gtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\shapedescr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_blur_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\data.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\misc\java\src\cpp\dnn_converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_concatenation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_int8_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\distransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\median_blur.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\AKAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_lab.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_async_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamer_pipeline_facade_int_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gphoto2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_ot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\gaze_estimation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_posit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ie_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_estimaterigid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\api_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optical_flow_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\types.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_dc1394_v2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine_partial2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibinit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\p3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_timing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_detect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_link.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_motempl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\testset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_descriptors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\glob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersectconvexconvex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\legacy_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\flann\test\test_lshtable_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\variant_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_imgproc_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast_score.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\box_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\discrete_fourier_transform\discrete_fourier_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\findContours_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesCircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURF_detection_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\anisotropic_image_segmentation\anisotropic_image_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\introduction_to_svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerHarris_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\openni_orbbec_astra\openni_orbbec_astra.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_the_basic_image_container\mat_the_basic_image_container.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_applyColorMap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\falsecolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio_combination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\intersectExample.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_openni.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\demhist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Remap_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\ela.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\fback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\segment_objects.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\digits_lenet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\laplace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\connected_components.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\morphology2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\flann_search_dataset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\polar_transforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-write\video-write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\opencv_version.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\human_parsing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\object_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\yolo_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\alpha_comp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\stereo_multi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\surf_keypoint_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\Constants.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\file_input_output\file_input_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Remap_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\imgcodecs\GDAL_IO\gdal-image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\non_linear_svms\non_linear_svms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\introduction_to_pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-input-psnr-ssim\video-input-psnr-ssim.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\windows_visual_studio_opencv\introduction_windows_vs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\discrete_fourier_transform\discrete_fourier_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Remap_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_marker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\directx\d3d11_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\anisotropic_image_segmentation\anisotropic_image_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\morphology2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\surf_keypoint_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\ufacedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\HighGUI\AddingImagesTrackbar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\va_intel\va_intel_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\opencl_custom_kernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OpenCVXaml\OpenCVComponent\OpenCVComponent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MediaExtensions\OcvTransform\dllmain.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\jni\CLprocessor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\PhoneTutorial\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imagelist_creator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OpenCVXaml\OpenCVComponent\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\segment_objects.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\colorization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\example_cmake\example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_gstreamer_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\camshiftdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\vit_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\hog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\imageSegmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stitching_detailed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-2-mixedprocessing\jni\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gpu\gpu-basics-similarity\gpu-basics-similarity.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\edge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\common\suspensionmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\common\LayoutAwarePage.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\super_resolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\cascadeclassifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\introduction_to_svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\watershed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cout_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\ela.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channels_combine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channel_extract.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sobel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fill_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\gaussian_blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dot_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFramesPerSecond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZipCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmapAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiView.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLineOrderAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStdIO.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathMatrixAlgo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelList.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVecAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFloatAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLineOrderAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHeader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\mul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_depth.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\add.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChromaticitiesAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDwaCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileOffsets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFastHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHeader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompositeDeepScanLine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfConvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathVec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\rotationConverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\lbpfeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\HOGfeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon_dotprod.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\runtime\cpu_vsx_aligned.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_fp16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\ffmpeg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512knl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_ssse3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\essential_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\compat_ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\upnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\homography_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\epnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\quadsubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_usac.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\termination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\essential_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\upnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\quadsubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereosgbm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_artificial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chessboardgenerator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\opencl\perf_stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_calibration_hand_eye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_abs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_cvround.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_io_base64.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_expressions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_xml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\batch_distance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ocl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\hal_internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\split.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ptr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_countnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\va_intel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\batch_distance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_io_base64.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_sparse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\count_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lapack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\glob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\command_line_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\cpp\core_manual.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\buffer_area.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mean.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_json.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_hal_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_stat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_allocator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_gpu_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution1d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\nary_eltwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gemm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_inf_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_quantization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\caffe\caffe_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_backends.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cumsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\max_unpooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_inf_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_recurrent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\registry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_int8_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\npy_blob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\debug_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_quantization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\KAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_descriptors_regression.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_sift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\streaming\gapi_streaming_source_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_ssd_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\gaze_estimation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\semantic_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_infer_with_advanced_device_selection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\grenderocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gproto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ocv_stateful_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_executor_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_fusion_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_recompilation_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ie_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_graph_meta_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_onnx_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\executor\gtbbexecutor_internal_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\rmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\media.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_compoundkernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_video_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_dynamic_graph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_ssd_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_array_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_backend_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gthreadedexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gproto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\ftp_render_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gpu_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\conc_queue_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\optional_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_blur_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\streaming\gstreamingbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_basic_infer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_garg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\face_detection_mtcnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_render_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\gapi_render_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_spng.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pxm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_avif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_bmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\bitstrm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_exr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_sepfilters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\convhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\linefit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\grabcut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\spatialgradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_hsv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_medianfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_goodfeaturetotrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_approxpoly.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\featureselect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\colormap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_histograms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\samplers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersectconvexconvex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_boundingrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cvtyuv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_distanceTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse_direct.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\sumpixels.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_approxpoly.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_save_load.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\data.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_hogdetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_face.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_tutorial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_arucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\detection_based_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_cascades.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_detector\bardetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\opencl\perf_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\ocl\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\calibrate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_stich.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\stitcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_stitcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_stitch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\exposure_compensate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_perf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_OF_accuracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\dis_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\backend_static.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_xine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_openni2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_registry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_plugins.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\MediaStreamSink.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\CaptureFrameGrabber.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_writer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_uvc_stream_channel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_ffmpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ueye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_affine2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ap3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\chessboard.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_filter_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_stereomatching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_compose_rt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_fundam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_timing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_abs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\batch_distance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\split.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_sparse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_xml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\softfloat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ocl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_expr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_concatenation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_allocator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_recurrent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\halide_scheduler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl_fuse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\nary_eltwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_backends.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\blank_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\einsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast_score.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\keypoint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\gpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\streaming\gapi_streaming_source_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_bench.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_blur_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\draw_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\gaze_estimation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\operators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_executor_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamersource_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_typed_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_basic_hetero_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\executor\gtbbexecutor_internal_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\oak\gapi_tests_oak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_stereo_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_view_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ov_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_array_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_ot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gframe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_recompilation_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_w32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg2000_openjpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdcm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\distransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\bilateral_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_hsv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\sumpixels.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\stackblur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\emd_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_emd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cvtyuv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_grabcut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\gbt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\testset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_bayes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_hogdetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_dictionary.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean13_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\qrcode_encoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_qrcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_boarddetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\upcean_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\npr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optical_flow_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optflowgf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\bgfg_gaussmix2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_dis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_dasiamrpn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_dshow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_liborbbec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\CaptureFrameGrabber.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\container_avi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_plugins.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_the_basic_image_container\mat_the_basic_image_container.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Sobel_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\anisotropic_image_segmentation\anisotropic_image_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\findContours_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_marker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\discrete_fourier_transform\discrete_fourier_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\security_barrier_camera\security_barrier_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\display_image\display_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Remap_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\kernel_api_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesCircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\falsecolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\image_alignment.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\contours2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\morphology2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\security_barrier_camera\security_barrier_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\mask_tmpl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\introduction_to_pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_obsensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-input-psnr-ssim\video-input-psnr-ssim.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Sobel_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\camera_calibration\camera_calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\example_cmake\example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\motion_deblur_filter\motion_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_realsense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\laplace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow_dense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_openni.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\dbt_face_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stereo_calib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\filter2D_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\scene_text_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\dasiamrpn_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\speech_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\surf_keypoint_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\video_writer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\common\LayoutAwarePage.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MediaExtensions\OcvTransform\dllmain.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLines_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\motion_deblur_filter\motion_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_marker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\generalizedHoughTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\HighGUI\AddingImagesTrackbar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURF_detection_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\filter2D_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\Constants.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\alpha_comp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\epipolar_lines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_data.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\generalizedHoughTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cvtyuv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_dasiamrpn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_filter_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\align.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRationalAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\upnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_video_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_video_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\nanotrack_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\application_trace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration_handeye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\MediaStreamSink.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-2-mixedprocessing\jni\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\min_enclosing_triangle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDoubleAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\levmarq.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_types.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clblas.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_librealsense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_rvv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\human_parsing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\geometry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OpenCVXaml\OpenCVComponent\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfB44Compressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clfft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_wave_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gproto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_hsv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_garg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gpu\gpu-basics-similarity\gpu-basics-similarity.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_cvt_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_onnx_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_infer_with_advanced_device_selection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\image_alignment.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\seam_finders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\detection_based_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\smiledetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_depth.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_solvepnp_ransac.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_svmtrainauto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLines_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_xml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_vectorref_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\p3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\bitstrm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\medianBlur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-openmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\local_optimization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_exr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\createsamples\createsamples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\median_blur.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\bgfg_KNN.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gemm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\camshiftdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imagelist_creator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\bgfg_gaussmix2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\distrans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512clx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\directx\d3d10_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\dasiamrpn_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\draw.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_timvx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\semihosting\norm\norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\opencl\perf_stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\gbt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\system.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\OcvImageProcessing\OcvImageProcessing\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mean.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_tutorial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_googlenet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_highgui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ov_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\polynom_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\lkdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\delaunay2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect_convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt_bridge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channel_extract.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_cascades.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\opencl\perf_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videowriter_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\goodFeaturesToTrack_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\vulkan.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_accum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\non_linear_svms\non_linear_svms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\div.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stereo_calib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512knl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_io_base64.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_convertTo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\testset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathShear.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_dc1394_v2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_exposure_compensate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\file_input_output\file_input_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon_dotprod.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_basic_hetero_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathFun.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_lab.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\upcean_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_bilateral_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_quantization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_executor_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_view_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_tiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_starter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\qrcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\rand.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\introduction_to_pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opengl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\parametersController.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_planar_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\digits_lenet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_svmsgd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\example_cmake\example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\PhoneTutorial\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereosgbm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\count_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\npy_blob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\face_detection_mtcnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\magnitude.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_stereomatching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_ot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\warp_affine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\laplace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_wayland.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\calibrate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_stereo_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_compare.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\audio_spectrogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\flann\test\test_lshtable_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\perf\perf_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\letter_recog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_ie_models.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\box_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\scene_text_spotting.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\minarea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRleCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_encoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_face.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_gpu_mat_nd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_core_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\softfloat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_stereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\media.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\executor\gtbbexecutor_internal_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\display_image\display_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\count_nonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channels_combine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\blur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channel_extract.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\colorconvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\add.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channel_extract.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fill_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\phase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\flip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\template_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\cvutils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\warpPerspective.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTestFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaYca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepImageStateAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfConvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImageAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFloatVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMisc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThread.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathFun.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileDescriptionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathShear.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaYca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFastHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfSystemSpecific.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfB44Compressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Half\half.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Iex\IexThrowErrnoExc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathBox.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphorePosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMisc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVecAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\min_max.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\template_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_depth.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\medianBlur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompositeDeepScanLine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImageAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRational.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputPartData.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFloatAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVecAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfSystemSpecific.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThread.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathFun.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\absdiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphorePosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRational.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\flip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompositeDeepScanLine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileOffsets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRationalAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStdIO.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVersion.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\channels_combine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfAcesFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\warp_affine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathRandom.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathFun.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Iex\IexBaseExc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIO.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDoubleAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfKeyCodeAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\parametersController.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\lbpfeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\calibController.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\features.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\createsamples\utility.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_vsx3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512cnl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_fp16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon_dotprod.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\webnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_rvv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cxx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\ffmpeg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse42.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon_fp16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon_bf16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_affine2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fundam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\circlesgrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\essential_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_decompose_projection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\homography_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\local_optimization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_decompose_projection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_posit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\compat_ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fundam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\essential_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\solvepnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine_partial2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\undistort.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_calibration_hand_eye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_cvround.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\ovx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_host_mem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_openmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_stream.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_iterator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs_core.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\gl_core_3_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_xml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ptr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_sparse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_types.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opengl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_abs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matmul.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_compare.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_ptr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_rotatedrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\system.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\array.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\split.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\glob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\batch_distance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clfft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_sort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\split_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_loader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\nary_eltwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ie_ngraph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\einsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatterND_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_timvx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_inf_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\legacy_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tflite\tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_googlenet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flow_warp_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\split_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\max_unpooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_googlenet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\npy_blob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gemm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\lrn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\halide_scheduler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\AKAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_sift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_matchers_algorithmic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_batchDistance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\draw.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\render\gapi_render_perf_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_video_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_blur_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\pipeline_modeling_tool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\slides_sobel_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gframe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_ot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\bindings_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gasync.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gasync.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gopaque.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gthreadedexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\grenderocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_compoundkernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_vectorref_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\variant_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_smoke_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\gapi_render_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_stereo_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_video_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_util_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\grenderocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_backend_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gmetabackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\rmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_core_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_transform_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_compile_args_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_video_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_stereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gpu_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_compoundkernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\bindings_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gislandmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamer_pipeline_facade_int_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_w32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_QT.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pfm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdcm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_cvt_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\emd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_yuv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\morph.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\bilateral_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse_direct.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_histograms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_boundingrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_boxfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_boxfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\min_enclosing_triangle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_bilateral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\bilateral_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\morph.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\distransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_goodFeaturesToTrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_convhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_distanceTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\gbt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_rtrees.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_save_load.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\gbt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_bayes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_aruco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\zmaxheap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect_convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_qrcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_aruco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\charuco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect_convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\npr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_highgui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\motion_estimators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\timelapsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_stitch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_exposure_compensate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_perf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_gtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_motempl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_xine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_pvapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_aravis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ueye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\backend_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_dshow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_registry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ximea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_encoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\perf\perf_input.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\local_optimization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\termination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ap3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\p3p.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\triangulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\sqpnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chessboardgenerator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_compose_rt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cornerssubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_cvround.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\count_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mean.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\convert.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_expressions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_host_mem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clfft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs_core.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\downhill_simplex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_stream.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_countnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_rotatedrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layers_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\blank_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THDiskFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\prior_box_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_quantization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\split_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_timvx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\accum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_onnx_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_ie_models.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reshape_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flow_warp_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\normalize_bbox_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\KAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\evaluation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_render_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\text_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\api_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gframe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gmetabackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\thread_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ocv_stateful_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\conc_queue_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamersource_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_executor_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\optional_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_video_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_util_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\executor\gtbbexecutor_internal_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_core_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_fusion_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_view_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_planar_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gopaque.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gframe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\dml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\meta.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_pattern_matching_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamersource_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_bmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_tiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pfm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_distanceTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_sepfilters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\min_enclosing_triangle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\box_filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\grabcut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\spatialgradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\distransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_boxfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse_direct.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse_ams.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_imgwarp_strict.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\svmsgd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\data.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_em.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_qrcode_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\charuco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_dictionary.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\super_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\detection_based_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_face.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_boarddetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_dictionary.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\opencl\perf_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\exposure_compensate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_wave_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_arrtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_func.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_accum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_online_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\container_avi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_bridge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_liborbbec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_container_avi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcommon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_rand.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_resize_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_allocator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_impl_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_qrcode_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\va_intel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_render_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_allocation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_expr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\opencl\test_stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\backend_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_stream.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_goodFeaturesToTrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_desc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_host_mem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_source_to_bgr_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lapack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\super_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_timing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\rotcalipers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\compat_ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_tiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_android_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\command_line_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_reprojection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_fitellipse_ams.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\cpp\core_manual.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_grfmt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_calibration_hand_eye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_hal_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_exposure_compensate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\align.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_video_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_artificial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersectconvexconvex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\gapi_types_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_ann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_OF_reproducibility.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_openni2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_operators_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gproto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\umatrix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_onnx_conformance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibinit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ov_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\median_blur.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\api_example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect_convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\demosaicing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_read_write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_einsum.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_highgui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\flann\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_OF_accuracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_inf_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_pnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gphoto2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_hasnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_tilt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pxm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\perf\perf_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_loader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\svmsgd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_aravis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_reader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opengl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\fed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\glob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_bilateral_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_container_avi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmodel_builder_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hershey_fonts.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_ie_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cornerssubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_charucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\grenderocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\android_sdk\libcxx_helper\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\logger.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_sepfilters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_stereo_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\undistort.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\ecc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\ann_mlp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\detection_based_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\pipeline_modeling_tool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_ssd_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\mat_mask_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\security_barrier_camera\security_barrier_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesPointSet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesPointSet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_diamonds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\findContours_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLines_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gpu\gpu-basics-similarity\gpu-basics-similarity.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\display_image\display_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesCircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\motion_deblur_filter\motion_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\kernel_api_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-write\video-write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerHarris_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\generalizedHoughTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Sobel_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_marker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\decolorization\decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\points_classifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\anisotropic_image_segmentation\anisotropic_image_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLines_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\application_trace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\epipolar_lines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesPointSet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_starter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\display_image\display_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\mask_tmpl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerHarris_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imgcodecs_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\polar_transforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\asift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\logistic_regression.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\text_skewness_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\letter_recog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\camshiftdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\detect_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imagelist_creator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_realsense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\dbt_face_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\HighGUI\BasicLinearTransformsTrackbar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\ffilldemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\demhist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\fback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\3calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\scene_text_spotting.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\classification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\yolo_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\surf_keypoint_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\cascadeclassifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\opencl_custom_kernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\video_acceleration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\AdvancedCapture.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\Constants.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\AdvancedCapture.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\kernel_api_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\filter2D_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_drawContours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-input-psnr-ssim\video-input-psnr-ssim.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\out_of_focus_deblur_filter\out_of_focus_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\introduction_to_pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow_dense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\HighGUI\AddingImagesTrackbar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURF_detection_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLines_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\train_HOG.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\vit_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stitching_detailed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\person_reid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imgcodecs_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\application_trace.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cout_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\morphology.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\sycl\sycl-opencv-interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MediaExtensions\OcvTransform\dllmain.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\semihosting\norm\norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\intersectExample.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\qrcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\windows_visual_studio_opencv\introduction_windows_vs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\points_classifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_image_sequence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\scene_text_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\essential_mat_reconstr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\lsd_lines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\security_barrier_camera\security_barrier_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\multi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURF_FLANN_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\documentation\documentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\minarea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\delaunay2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\directx\d3d11_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\logistic_regression.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\facial_features.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio_combination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\edge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\distrans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Remap_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\filter2D_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\common\suspensionmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\separable_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\mul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\phase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\in_range.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\bitwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\colorconvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\integral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\phase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\template_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\min_max.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\median_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\magnitude.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\fill_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\div.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelListAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChromaticitiesAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMatrixAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMisc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRationalAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileDescriptionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCRgbaFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfVecAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileOffsets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmapAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathRandom.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelListAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPreviewImageAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFloatAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfSystemSpecific.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmapAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTestFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChromaticitiesAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRational.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOpaqueAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\add.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\add_weighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\scharr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\count_nonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\div.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\meanstddev.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\warpPerspective.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiView.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfZip.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepCompositing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepImageStateAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHeader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMisc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelList.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTileDescriptionAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFloatVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTimeCode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathVec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\calibPipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_inner_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\traincascade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512skx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\ffmpeg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse41.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\win32uitest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse42.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_popcnt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_pnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\degeneracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereosgbm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\epnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\pnp_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine_partial2d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_fundam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_timing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_decompose_projection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_translation3d_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_solvepnp_ransac.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\undistort.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_tilt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration_handeye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_undistort_points.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_affine3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_chesscorners_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\circlesgrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_minmaxloc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_json.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_iterator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\glob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\merge.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\has_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_rotatedrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_concatenation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_expr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_gpu_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\merge.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_host_mem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\minmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_countnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\system.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_hasnonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_stat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_yml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clblas.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_logtagconfigparser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_abs.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\arithm.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution1d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flow_warp_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\correlation_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THDiskFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reorg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_depthwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_loader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ie_ngraph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\caffe\caffe_shrinker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\einsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\matmul_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_int8_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cumsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\lrn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reduce_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reorg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tflite\tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THDiskFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\halide_scheduler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\blank_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gemm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\legacy_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\caffe\caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\flatten_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\misc\java\src\cpp\dnn_converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\draw.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\keypoint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_sift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_regression.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\bagofwords.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\opencl\perf_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\fast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\KAZEFeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze\nldiffusion_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_descriptors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\render\gapi_render_perf_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_source_to_bgr_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\privacy_masking_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\dml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\islands.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gasync.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gabstractstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\ginfer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gtbbexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gstreaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_operators_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_backend_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_roi_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\gapi_render_tests_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_async_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_sample_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_parallel_rois_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_queue_source_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\garray.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gproto.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render_ocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiled.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpucore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\gapi_types_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_single_roi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gcompiled_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_sync_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\gpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\dml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\executor\gtbbexecutor_internal_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\grunarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_core_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_sample_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gasync.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_graph_meta_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\streaming\gstreamingbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_resize_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_integration_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\common\gapi_render_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_basic_infer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpp_preproc_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_core_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\roiSelector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_gtk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_gtk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_exr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_spng.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_avif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pfm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg2000.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_read_write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_matchTemplate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_spatialgradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_sepfilters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_cvt_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\median_blur.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\phasecorr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\samplers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_yuv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_lab.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_hsv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_medianfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_distancetransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_medianfilter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_floodfill.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\median_blur.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_sepfilter2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\stackblur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_distancetransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\cornersubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\smooth.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatchmask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\deriv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\matchcontours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_smooth_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_goodfeaturetotrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\Mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\jni_part.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\rtrees.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_ann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\kdtree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_rtrees.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\knearest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\gbt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_hogdetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\charuco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\hog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_dictionary.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_tutorial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_hogdetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect_convert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_detector\bardetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\opencl\perf_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\align.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\calibrate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_decolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\seamless_cloning.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_highgui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\autocalib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_reprojection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_wave_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\motion_estimators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_perf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_arrtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_farneback.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_nano.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_goturn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_dis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature_set.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\MediaStreamSink.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ximea.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mjpeg_encoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ueye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_openni2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\backend_static.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_openni2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor\obsensor_stream_channel_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_ffmpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_registry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_aravis.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\local_optimization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\ransac_solvers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\fundamental_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\levmarq.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\dls.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\chessboard.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\polynom_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\sqpnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\solvepnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cornerssubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_stereomatching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_filter_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_posit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_fisheye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\fundamental_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\homography_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_usage_flags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_addWeighted.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_lut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_arithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_matop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\hal_internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\opencl\runtime\opencl_clblas.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\check.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\buffer_area.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\merge.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\async.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\system.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\count_non_zero.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel_impl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lapack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\bindings_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_rotatedrect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_image2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_bufferpool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\datafile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_recurrent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\prior_box_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\const_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\reorg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\max_unpooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\padding_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\instance_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\nary_eltwise_binary_forward_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\vulkan\vk_loader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\fast_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\command.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_naryEltwise.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\batch_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\darknet\darknet_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\spv_shader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_openvino.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\debug_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\arg_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\tensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\slice_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\recurrent_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\quantization_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\caffe\caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\layer_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\THGeneral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatterND_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_ie_models.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_caffe_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\layers_rvp052.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gemm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatterND_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\shuffle_channel_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\convolution_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cumsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scatter_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\concat_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_implicit_gemm_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\fence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_1x1_fast_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_lrn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\shader\conv_depthwise_3x3_spv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\perf\opencl\perf_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_sift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_ie_onnx_hybrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\onevpl_source_to_bgr_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_basic_infer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\text_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcommon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gmat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gmetabackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\bindings_ie.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gstreamingexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\source_priv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gnnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_pipeline_facade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\serialization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gopaque.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goakbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gscalar.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\transformations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\utils\shared_lock.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuvideo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpubackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\gonnxbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerenv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_imgproc_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_imgproc_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_recompilation_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_graph_meta_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\oak\gapi_tests_oak.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_async_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gcompiled_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\mat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\render\ftp_render_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_basic_hetero_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gpu\gapi_operators_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_compile_args_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_integration_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_array_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\object_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcall.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_ot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\ft_render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\render\grenderocv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpustereo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\dump_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\executor\gexecutor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\engine_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\dx11_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\file_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\queue_source.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_media_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\rgb_histogram.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracklet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\kalman_filter\kalman_filter_no_opencv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\short_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidbuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\helpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamersource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\cpu_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_va_api.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\transcode\transcode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\dx11_alloc_resource.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_engine_legacy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\base_frame_adapter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ocv_stateful_kernel_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_proto_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\conc_queue_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_utils_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_gstreamer_pipeline_facade_int_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_gtk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_gdcm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_sunras.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_3vs4.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_distanceTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\emd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\matchcontours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\smooth.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.sse4_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\spatialgradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_blend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_subdivision2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_smooth_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_goodfeaturetotrack.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_resize_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_match_template.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\svm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\em.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_em.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\opencl\perf_hogdetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_dictionary.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\hog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_cascadeandhog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\apriltag\apriltag_quad_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\abs_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\calibrate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_npr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_stitch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\timelapsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\seam_finders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_blenders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_tags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_optflow_pyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_motempl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_state.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler_algorithm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\dis_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\bgfg_KNN.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_OF_reproducibility.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_bgfg_knn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_state_estimator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_mil_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\MediaStreamSink.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_xine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ueye.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_mfx_plugin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_\how_to_use_OpenCV_parallel_for_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURF_matching_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\kernel_api_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\imageSegmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_diamonds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_marker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\objectDetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\goodFeaturesToTrack_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\documentation\documentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\introduction_to_pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\mat_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\compareHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\openni_orbbec_astra\openni_orbbec_astra.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvWriter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\file_input_output\file_input_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\calcBackProject_Demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\CannyDetector_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_reduce.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow_dense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\motion_deblur_filter\motion_deblur_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\introduction\documentation\documentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\falsecolor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\lkdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\pca.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\flann_search_dataset.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesPointSet.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\findContours_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videowriter_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_obsensor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\detect_mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-write\video-write.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\asift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\non_photorealistic_rendering\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\convexhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\aruco_dict_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Sobel_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\polar_transforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\MatchTemplate_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\optical_flow_dense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_image_sequence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imgcodecs_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesCircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_applyColorMap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\select3dobj.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stitching_detailed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\face_detect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\scene_text_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\human_parsing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\hog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\alpha_comp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\ufacedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\opencl_custom_kernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MediaExtensions\OcvTransform\dllmain.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\FaceDetection\FaceDetection\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\MediaExtensions\OcvTransform\dllmain.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\App.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\PhoneTutorial\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OpenCVXaml\OpenCVComponent\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OpenCVXaml\OpenCVComponent\OpenCVComponent.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-openmp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_split.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\meanshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\imageSegmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesCircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerHarris_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\basic_drawing\Drawing_1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\filter2D_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_diamond.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_various.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURF_detection_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\pointPolygonTest_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_diamonds.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_markers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\security_barrier_camera\security_barrier_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\imgcodecs\GDAL_IO\gdal-image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\cornerSubPix_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\univ_intrin\univ_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\file_input_output\file_input_output.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\decompose_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\panorama_stitching_rotating_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_tracking\planar_tracking.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\dynamic_graph_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\EqualizeHist_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicLinearTransforms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\copyMakeBorder_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_registration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\RobustMatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\ImageManipulations\common\LayoutAwarePage.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\QuadRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\CubeRenderer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\featureselect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\out.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_base64_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_sort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiPartOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\opencl\perf_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\kaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_operation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\context.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Geometric_Transforms_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_the_basic_image_container\mat_the_basic_image_container.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_winrt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_detectors_invariance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\stereo_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\visualisation\opencv_visualisation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\calibration_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\cuda_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\processing_engine_base.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexPosix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\hal\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_w32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_modelest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\opticalflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\async.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\win32uitest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_channels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_gcompiled_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_stream.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\brisk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\infer_ie_onnx_hybrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHeader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\qrcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfRleCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\rho.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\doc_snippets\api_ref_snippets.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gstreamer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_keypoints.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\inpaint.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tflite\tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\video-input-psnr-ssim\video-input-psnr-ssim.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\opencl\perf_warpers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_variational_refinement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\einsum_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convert_scale.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathBox.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\internal\gapi_compiler_perf_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_inner_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\count_nonzero.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_rtrees.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\logtagmanager.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tree_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathRandom.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_rgb.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_artificial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_warp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\common\gcompoundbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\clahe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\decode\decode_session.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_tiff.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_aruco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\five-point.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\face_beautification\face_beautification.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\jni\jni.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\directx\d3d10_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_realsense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamer_buffer_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\softmax.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\intersectExample.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\scale_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\undistort.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_transform_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gorigin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\periodic_noise_removing_filter\periodic_noise_removing_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Morphology_2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\bindings_onnx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_drawing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel\parallel_tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_lr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\mvn_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\bundle.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_gemm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\pooling_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt\CaptureFrameGrabber.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\connected_components.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\demux\async_mfp_demux_data_provider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_color.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\buffer_area.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_operators_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\src\cpp\features2d_converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\surface\surface_pool.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\hdr_imaging.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_vit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\canny.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\corner.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\grabcut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\pose_from_homography.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\main_detection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfPizCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_nearestneighbors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stitching_detailed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\camshift.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\crop_and_resize_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\bgfg_KNN.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfChannelListAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours_approx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\opengl\opengl_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\ufacedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_microphone.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\perf\perf_undistort.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\PhoneTutorial\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpukernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\laplacian.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\convhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_convertTo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_transform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\test\test_stitcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layer_factory.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_blobdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\legacy_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\colorconvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\letter_recog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\compat_ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\mser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_param_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\topk_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\lsd_lines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\watershed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_em.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\median_filter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DBase.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Half\half.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_houghlines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\create_board_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\contours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\openpose.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\align.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\termination.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_connectedcomponents.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\convert.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\houghcircles.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\farneback_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\accum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\util\any_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\logistic_regression.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\traincascade.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_yuv.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfGenericInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\directx\d3d9ex_interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\draw.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_ffmpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gcompiler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\ocl\test_matrix_expr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\gather_elements_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_nnparsers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_cascadeandhog.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\dls_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_quaternion.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_distanceTransform.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cout_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\rand.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfThreading.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\opencl\perf_dis_optflow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\command_line_parser.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\expand_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\old_ml_boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\fluid\gfluidcore_func.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\rotcalipers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\features.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_conv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMatrixAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\local_optimization.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\gstreamer\gstreamerpipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\samplers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_halide.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dummy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStandardAttributes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\frameProcessor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\depth_space_ops_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\quadsubpix.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineOutputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\bitstrm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_filter_homography_decomp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\face_detect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\intelligent_scissors.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\world\src\world_init.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\perf\perf_input.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfOutputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\proposal_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDoubleAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_convolution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\test\test_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\platforms\android\aar-template\OpenCV\src\main\cpp\native-lib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\chessboard.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_gphoto2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\vtk_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_charucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\math_functions.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\tables.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_plaidml_pipelines.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_fp16.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineInputPart.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_usac.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathMatrixAlgo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_gmetaarg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_arrtest.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_bilateral.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_hdr.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\softmax_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\circlesgrid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\Mesh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_qrcode_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_core.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\vulkan.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_openni.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\samples.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\perf\perf_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matmul.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\perf\perf_cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\batch_distance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\not_implemented_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_basic_hetero_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker_mil.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\facedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\python\src2\cv2_numpy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_sunras.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\example_cmake\example.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\attention_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\govbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_reproject_image_to_3d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\perform_substitution.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\aruco\aruco_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\warpAffine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_tflite_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\flann\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\utils\itt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\create_mask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_png.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_async.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\gaze_estimation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\tile_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_arucodetection.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Iex\IexThrowErrnoExc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_ot_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\yolo_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CvTypeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\android\UtilsTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-24\java\org\opencv\android\NativeCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-24\java\org\opencv\android\NativeCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\android\UtilsTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\test\MomentsTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\misc\java\test\DnnListRegressionTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\misc\java\test\Calib3dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\misc\java\test\StereoBMTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\qr-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\qrdetection\QRProcessor.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\Tutorial4Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\mobilenet-objdetect\src\org\opencv\samples\opencv_mobilenet\MainActivity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetector.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_equalization\EqualizeHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\MatMaskOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle\HoughCircles.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\introduction\documentation\Documentation.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\corner_subpixels\CornerSubPixDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\MatOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURFFLANNMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\distance_transformation\ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDenseDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\highgui\trackbar\AddingImagesTrackbar.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rects_circles\GeneralContoursDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\opencv_version.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\background_subtraction\BackgroundSubtractionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\introduction\documentation\Documentation.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\HDRImagingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_calculation\CalcHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\non_linear_svms\NonLinearSVMsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURFFLANNMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold\Threshold.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Filter2D\Filter2D_Demo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\find_contours\FindContoursDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\eclipse\HelloCV\src\Main.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\opencv_version.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold_inRange\ThresholdInRange.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\OnCameraFrameRender.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\HDRImagingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\generic_corner_detector\CornerDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\15-puzzle\src\org\opencv\samples\puzzle15\Puzzle15Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\sbt\src\main\java\DetectFaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\face-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\facedetect\FaceDetectActivity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\non_linear_svms\NonLinearSVMsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CvTypeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\java\org\opencv\utils\Converters.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CvTypeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\mobilenet-objdetect\src\org\opencv\samples\opencv_mobilenet\MainActivity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-3-cameracontrol\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial3\Tutorial3View.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\MyGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\CameraCalibrator.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold_inRange\ThresholdInRange.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\MeanshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold\Threshold.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\corner_subpixels\CornerSubPixDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\MatMaskOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Filter2D\Filter2D_Demo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rotated_ellipses\GeneralContoursDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PanoramaStitchingRotatingCamera.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURFDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\background_subtraction\BackgroundSubtractionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_calculation\CalcHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\corner_subpixels\CornerSubPixDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicGeometricDrawing\BasicGeometricDrawing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\generic_corner_detector\CornerDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\ant\src\SimpleSample.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURFFLANNMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_equalization\EqualizeHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold_inRange\ThresholdInRange.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rects_circles\GeneralContoursDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\MeanshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDenseDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\objectDetection\cascade_classifier\ObjectDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\distance_transformation\ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\MatMaskOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\IntroductionToSVMDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_calculation\CalcHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_calculation\CalcHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold\Threshold.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLine\HoughLines.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDenseDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\src\java\imgproc+Moments.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold_inRange\ThresholdInRange.java java
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\misc\java\src\java\highgui+HighGui.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\highgui\trackbar\AddingImagesTrackbar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\java\org\opencv\osgi\OpenCVInterface.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetector.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\BackgroundSubtractorMOGTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\common_test\src\org\opencv\test\utils\ConvertersTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\opencv_version.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\Tutorial4Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetectionActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\photo\misc\java\test\PhotoTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\mobilenet-objdetect\src\org\opencv\samples\opencv_mobilenet\MainActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURFDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\NativePart.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\OnCameraFrameRender.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\java\org\opencv\osgi\OpenCVInterface.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-24\java\org\opencv\android\NativeCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CvTypeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\HARRISFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\test\ImgprocTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\TrackerCreateTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\test\MomentsTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-3-cameracontrol\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial3\Tutorial3View.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\CalibrationResult.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\qr-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\qrdetection\QRProcessor.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetectionActivity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\distance_transformation\ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rects_circles\GeneralContoursDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\ChangingContrastBrightnessImageDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\generic_corner_detector\CornerDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\background_subtraction\BackgroundSubtractionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURFDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\corner_subpixels\CornerSubPixDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\akaze_matching\AKAZEMatchDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rotated_ellipses\GeneralContoursDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURFFLANNMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_equalization\EqualizeHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\photo\hdr_imaging\HDRImagingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\MatMaskOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\opening_closing_hats\MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\akaze_matching\AKAZEMatchDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_equalization\EqualizeHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\BasicGeometricDrawing\BasicGeometricDrawing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\find_contours\FindContoursDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\morph_lines_detection\Morphology_3.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\hull\HullDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\opening_closing_hats\MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\IntroductionToSVMDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\non_linear_svms\NonLinearSVMsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PanoramaStitchingRotatingCamera.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDenseDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\generic_corner_detector\CornerDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\discrete_fourier_transform\DiscreteFourierTransform.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\IntroductionToSVMDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\CalibrationResult.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetectionActivity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\ant\src\SimpleSample.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\15-puzzle\src\org\opencv\samples\puzzle15\Puzzle15Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURFDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\OnCameraFrameRender.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\eclipse\HelloCV\src\Main.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\ScalarTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvException.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RangeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\SizeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRISKDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-24\java\org\opencv\android\NativeCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\java\org\opencv\osgi\OpenCVInterface.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\QRCodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\HOGDescriptorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CoreTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint2f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+KeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\DMatchTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RotatedRectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Scalar.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3f.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+TermCriteria.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRotatedRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\CvTypeTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+CvType.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat6.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Size.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point3.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDouble.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Mat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect2d.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\RectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Range.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Point.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfKeyPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfInt.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BOWImgDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIMPLEBLOBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\GFTTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceSL2DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BRIEFDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\Features2dTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\KAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\SIFTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\MSERFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceHammingLUTDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceL1DescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AGASTFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-24\java\org\opencv\android\NativeCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraActivity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\Utils.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLSurfaceView.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCamera2View.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\Camera2Renderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraGLRendererBase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\BarcodeDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\CascadeClassifierTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\NativePart.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\Tutorial4Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-2-mixedprocessing\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial2\Tutorial2Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\OnCameraFrameRender.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\akaze_matching\AKAZEMatchDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_calculation\CalcHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\distance_transformation\ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\MeanshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\discrete_fourier_transform\DiscreteFourierTransform.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_mask_operations\MatMaskOperations.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\objectDetection\cascade_classifier\ObjectDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rects_circles\GeneralContoursDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold\Threshold.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PanoramaStitchingRotatingCamera.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\distance_transformation\ImageSegmentationDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle\HoughCircles.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\find_contours\FindContoursDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_equalization\EqualizeHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold_inRange\ThresholdInRange.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\IntroductionToSVMDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\objectDetection\cascade_classifier\ObjectDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\LaPlace\LaplaceDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\eclipse\HelloCV\src\Main.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\BasicLinearTransformsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_detection\SURFDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\histogram_comparison\CompareHistDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\remap\RemapDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\point_polygon_test\PointPolygonTestDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\background_subtraction\BackgroundSubtractionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\good_features_to_track\GoodFeaturesToTrackDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\opening_closing_hats\MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\CamshiftDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\objectDetection\cascade_classifier\ObjectDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\erosion_dilatation\MorphologyDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\moments\MomentsDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDenseDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Pyramids\Pyramids.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\canny_detector\CannyDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_flann_matcher\SURFFLANNMatchingDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\threshold\Threshold.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\opening_closing_hats\MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughCircle\HoughCircles.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\MakeBorder\CopyMakeBorder.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\bounding_rects_circles\GeneralContoursDemo1.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\optical_flow\OpticalFlowDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\objectDetection\cascade_classifier\ObjectDetectionDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\core\mat_operations\MatOperations.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\find_contours\FindContoursDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+DMatch.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Smoothing\Smoothing.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\generic_corner_detector\CornerDetectorDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\misc\java\test\StereoBMTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\FpsMeter.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_pca\IntroductionToPCADemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\TermCriteriaTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PerspectiveCorrection.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ml\introduction_to_svm\IntroductionToSVMDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\src\java\imgproc+Moments.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\BackgroundSubtractorMOGTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-2-mixedprocessing\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial2\Tutorial2Activity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\android_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURFFLANNMatchingHomographyDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\KalmanFilterTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\BruteForceDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\AKAZEDescriptorExtractorTest.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\corner_subpixels\CornerSubPixDemo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\TrackingMotion\harris_detector\CornerHarrisDemo.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\StaticHelper.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\PointTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\CameraBridgeViewBase.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\opening_closing_hats\MorphologyDemo2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-3-cameracontrol\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial3\Tutorial3Activity.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android-21\java\org\opencv\android\CameraRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\misc\java\test\ImgprocTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\FlannBasedDescriptorMatcherTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfRect.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
