samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_optflowpyrlk.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\parametersController.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\AKAZE_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_imgwarp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfMultiView.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_util_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stat_c.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\moments.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_OF_accuracy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\hungarian_wrap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\fundamental_solver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_pam.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\PnPProblem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\color_rgb.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optical_flow_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_sse41.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\colorconvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ts_tags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\tensorflow\tf_io.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\convexhull.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dot.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_engine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\align.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\ocl4dnn\src\ocl4dnn_conv_spatial.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoise_tvl1.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_sampler.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\opencl\perf_usage_flags.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\container_avi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\homography_from_camera_displacement.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\barcode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_calcHist.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_thresh.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gcomputation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\mtt\objects_associator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\oak\goak_memory_adapters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringVectorAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\detection_output_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\cloning_gui.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\gamma_values.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_v4l.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\lpsolver.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\group_norm_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\video_reader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\warpAffine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_msmf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_mat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ShapeDescriptors\generalContours_demo2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\kmeans.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\parallel_backend\example-tbb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DInterop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\warp_affine.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\triangulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvRotatingCube\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\ModelRegistration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_test_kernels.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\photo\seamless_cloning\cloning_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracking_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\imgcodecs_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\merge.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_island_fusion_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\rgbe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_misc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\stereo_calib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\render.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_kalman.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFastHuf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_dynamic_graph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_openni2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\accelerators\accel_policy_dx11.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\imgwarp.avx2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfB44Compressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\cuda_info.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\affine_feature.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\dynamic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\debug_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ts\src\ocl_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTestFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\tree.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\yolo_detector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\mask_tmpl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\stl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\perspective_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\ean8_decoder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\grabcut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\exec.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc\preproc_dispatcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\detail\tracker_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\op_webnn.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_video_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\evaluation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_keypoints.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_librealsense.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\bgfg_segm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\calibPipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_lasx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\cpu_kernels\conv_winograd_f63.neon.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfStringAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfTiledInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\morph.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\fully_connected_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\util.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\ml\src\nbayes.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\opencl\test_hogdetector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\utils\filesystem.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\simd_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\opencv_java.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\PhoneTutorial\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\device_selector_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\intersectExample.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_resize_bitexact.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_sample_pipelines_s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\lbpfeatures.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gkernel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast_score.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_audio.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\interactive-calibration\rotationConverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_HoughLinesP.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Shared\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_opencl.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\stereobm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\tapi\dense_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_rgb_camera_encoding.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\cvutils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\gnode.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_core_tests_fluid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\torch\torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\matchers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_intersectconvexconvex.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\text_skewness_correction.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\ocl\test_brute_force_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\persistence_types.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\denoising.cuda.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\thread_pool_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\smiledetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\morphology2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_imgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\perf\perf_stich.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_int_perform_substitution_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\surf_keypoint_matcher.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\test\test_main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\generalized_hough.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\roiSelector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathColorAlgo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\upnp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\platforms\android\aar-template\OpenCV\src\main\cpp\native-lib.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\filter.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_avif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\agast.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\sift.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\calibrate_camera_charuco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfEnvmap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\sum.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\permute_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\face_recognize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_templmatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.Windows\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\remap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_norm.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\hershey_fonts.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\objectDetection\detect_board.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadMutexWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\prior_box_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\legacy_backend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\dxt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\rmat\rmat_integration_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\zlib-ng\win32\depcheck.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_drawContours.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt\OcvImageProcessing\OcvImageProcessing\pch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\kernels_streaming.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\dnn_read.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_fluid_parallel_rois_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgcodecs_imwrite.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_v4l2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\stitching\src\seam_finders.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\ocl\test_bgfg_mog2.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_filters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_cameracalibration_badarg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\operators.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\data_provider_interface_exception.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\grfmt_jpeg2000_openjpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDwaCompressor.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ie\giebackend\giewrapper.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\copy.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\buffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_winrt_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\videoio_registry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\threshold.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\dnn\nanotrack_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_homography\SURF_FLANN_matching_homography_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_scalar_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_darknet_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ov\bindings_ov.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\matrix_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfIntAttribute.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_onnx_conformance.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\videoio\openni_orbbec_astra\openni_orbbec_astra.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmThread\IlmThreadSemaphoreWin32.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Iex\IexBaseExc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\version\opencv_version.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\model.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_device_selector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\nms.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\cfg_params.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\apps\traincascade\boost.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\ocl\goclimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\onnx\onnx_graph_simplifier.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\winrt_universal\VideoCaptureXAML\video_capture_xaml\video_capture_xaml.WindowsPhone\MainPage.xaml.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\default.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\test\test_akaze.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\converters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\net_cann.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\age_gender_emotion_recognition\age_gender_emotion_recognition.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\internal.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_avx512.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\int8layers\eltwise_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\ndsrvp\src\warpPerspective.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\edge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\Threshold_inRange.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_compose_rt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\perf_accumulate.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\streaming\gapi_streaming_vpl_core_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\Laplace_Demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_image_sequence.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\imgproc_segmentation.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfFrameBuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\gpu\gapi_core_perf_tests_gpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\parallel.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\emd_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_torch_importer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\npy_blob.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\exif.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\orb.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\lkpyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_frame_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\wp8\OcvImageManipulation\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1\PhoneXamlDirect3DApp1Comp\Direct3DContentProvider.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_umat.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\test\test_aruco_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\common\gapi_render_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\cpu_vsx3.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_jpeg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\onnx\coreml_ep.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\test\test_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\camshiftdemo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\mat_the_basic_image_container\mat_the_basic_image_container.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\buffer_area.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\npr_demo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\internal\gapi_transactions_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\plaidml\gplaidmlcore.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\src\feature2d.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\ocl\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\perf\perf_aruco.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\HitMiss\HitMiss.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\3rdparty\vasot\src\components\ot\zero_term_imageless_tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\region_layer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\s11n\gapi_s11n_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\mathfuncs_core.dispatch.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\optflowgf.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfConvert.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\deriv.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\test\test_webp.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ptsetreg.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\cpu\gapi_imgproc_perf_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\directx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\gapi_opaque_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\perf\perf_dft.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\how_to_scan_images\how_to_scan_images.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\main.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\cpu\gcpuimgproc.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\samples\oak_small_hetero_pipeline.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\perf\perf_common.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\cascadedetect.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\ocl\test_gftt.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\ImgProc\changing_contrast_brightness_image\changing_contrast_brightness_image.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\src\cap_obsensor_capture.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\test\test_denoising.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\cmake\checks\ffmpeg_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\src\tracking\tracker.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\geometry.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\own\last_written_value_tests.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\api\s11n.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\backends\python\gpythonbackend.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\watershed.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\aruco_dict_utils.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_math.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\ippe.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\carotene\src\dot_product.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\passes\pattern_matching.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_contours_new.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\Imath\ImathMatrixAlgo.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\opencl\opencl-opencv-interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\perf\opencl\perf_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videocapture_starter.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\src\loadsave.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfDeepScanLineInputFile.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\photo\src\tonemap.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\resize.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\src\cpp\listconverters.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_intrin_emulator.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_lsd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\test\test_pyramid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\train_svmsgd.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\streaming\onevpl\engine\preproc_engine_interface.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\cpu\gapi_stereo_tests_cpu.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\perf\perf_trackers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\videoio\test\test_mfx.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\perf\perf_bench.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\src\conjugate_gradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\gapi\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation\porting_anisotropic_image_segmentation_gapi.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\create_mask.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\src\compiler\gmodelbuilder.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\src\barcode_decoder\common\hybrid_binarizer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\gapi\test\infer\gapi_infer_onnx_test.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\openvx\wrappers_video.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_mat_checkVector.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\xfeatures2D\LATCH_match.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\core\AddingImages\AddingImages.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\test\test_posit.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\snippets\core_merge.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\layers\elementwise_layers.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\core\test\test_operations.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\highgui\src\window_framebuffer.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\videowriter_basic.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\sycl\sycl-opencv-interop.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\3rdparty\openexr\IlmImf\ImfLut.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\calibration.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\spatialgradient.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\dnn\src\vkcom\src\op_matmul.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\imgproc\src\stackblur.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\gpu\pyrlk_optical_flow.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\video\test\test_estimaterigid.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\calib3d\real_time_pose_estimation\src\CsvReader.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\samples\cpp\tutorial_code\video\bg_sub.cpp cpp
samples/opencv\modules\calib3d\src\usac\quality.cpp cpp
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\LoadJsonTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\FootPrint.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\generator\android\java\org\opencv\android\JavaCameraView.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dedication\PSystemDedication.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\command\CommandGroupEnd.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\gtile\GtileWithNoteOpale.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\renderer\Transformation.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\Dolls.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\feature_description\SURFMatchingDemo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageActivity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\gtile\GConnection.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ArucoTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\Extremity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\draw\TaskDrawSeparator.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\AutoNumber.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\classdiagram\command\CommandCreateClass.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandParticipantMultilines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\EaterIncludesub.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\SentenceHappensDate.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\DefinitionsContainer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wbs\ITF.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\LinkMiddleDecor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\CreoleParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\geom\EnsureVisible.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\plot\PlotCanvas.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbols.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\GotoInterceptor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\SkinParamBackcoloredReference.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\api\NumberAnalyzed.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_dtdisc_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\package-info.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\VideoTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandIgnoreNewpage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\puma\PUnivers.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\DividerTile.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\color-blob-detection\src\org\opencv\samples\colorblobdetect\ColorBlobDetectionActivity.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\picoweb\PicoWebServerTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\Bibliotekon.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cheneer\ChenEerDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cucadiagram\TextBlockCucaJSon.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\Boundary.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\xmi\clazz\XMI0003_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cucadiagram\MagmaList.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stereo\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\visio\VisioText.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\rose\ComponentRoseGroupingElse.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\syntax\LanguageDescriptor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\version\IteratorCounter2Impl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\Newpage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\ShadowManager.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vcompact\FtileWhile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\SvgResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\cdt\dtflatten__c.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockHorizontal.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\swing\MainWindow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\gitlog\GNodeBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\AbstractMessage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\annotation\Unused.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\gtile\GtileColumns.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\TrieImpl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\PSystemCreoleFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\A0004_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\StripeStyleType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\zopfli\Katajainen.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\GraphicalCompositeRenderer.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\MatOfByteTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dot\ProcessState.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\asciiart\ComponentTextGroupingBody.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\CommandEbnfMultilines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\common\reedsolomon\ReedSolomonException.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceLayout_0005b_TestResult.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\SobelDemo\SobelDemo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\ProtectedCommand.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wbs\WBSDiagram.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestCase.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbolEntityDomain.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\AbstractFtile.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\GetAllThemeTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\classdiagram\command\CommandUrl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\PSystemListInternalSpritesFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\UMotif.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dot\DotSplines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\golem\TileArea.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityFactoryLineCrowfoot.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\PathIteratorLimited.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandParticipant.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\FtileMargedRight.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\TranscoderSmartProtected.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\FreeYStrategyBasic.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\cdt\dtextract__c.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\camera-calibration\src\org\opencv\samples\cameracalibration\CalibrationResult.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+RotatedRect.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\FileSystem.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\GraphPoint.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\UBackground.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\help\CommandHelpType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\graphics\ImageHandler.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\math\TeXIconBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\puma\FixedLink.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\ActorHollow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\PostScriptCommandRaw.java java
samples/plantuml\src\com\plantuml\api\cheerpj\JsonResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_triangle_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\command\CommandIf4.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\Navigators.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\text\StringUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\StripeSimple.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\rose\ComponentRoseActiveLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\Oval.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\command\CommandPartition3.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\math\PSystemMathFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\ETileOptional.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandExoArrowAny.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\asciiart\ComponentTextDestroy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\plot\Legend.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram\command\CommandEndif.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\atmp\CucaDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\SpriteColorBuilder4096.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\posimo\Label.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_pointnlink_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\AbstractShadowable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\note\sequence\FactorySequenceNoteOverSeveralCommand.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\ConnectionTranslatable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\webp\SegmentQuants.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\nwdiag\NwDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\visio\DriverPolygonVdx.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandAssumeTransparent.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\core\ConfigurationParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\PSystemCommandFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\nwdiag\next\BooleanGrid.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\ElementButton.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\SentenceTaskEndsAbsolute.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\donors\PSystemSkinparameterList.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityFactoryParenthesis.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sudoku\GraphicsSudoku.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\directdot\CounterOutputStream.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\Genealogy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\Notes.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\preproc\UncommentReadLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\ElementTreeEntry.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\command\CommandCreoleUrl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\YDelta.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfByte.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wire\WLinkVertical.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_tna_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\yaml\Highlighted.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\SentenceIsForTask.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\input__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\PairInt.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemCharlieFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\html5\Html5Drawer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\Pragma.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\utils\CharHidder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\gitlog\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\CreoleStripeSimpleParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\mindmap\CommandMindMapRoot.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stereo\StereotypeDecoration.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\common\DecoderResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\ZType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\DarkString.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\geom\USegment.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\TextBlockInterceptorUDrawable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\png\PngSegment.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\CornerParam.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageChenCircle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\DriverPolygonEps.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\AtomText.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\regex\RegexResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\nwdiag\CommandProperty.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\plot\Symbol.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\Trie.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\Rainbow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\TextRenderer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\emoji\SvgNanoParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\com\plantuml\api\cheerpj\SvgOutputStream.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stats\PSystemStatsFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\EpsGraphicsMacro.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\command\CommandCreoleSprite.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core3\HistogramSimple.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockArrow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\util\TicLabelFormat.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_XLabels_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\PortGeometry.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\15-puzzle\src\org\opencv\samples\puzzle15\Puzzle15Processor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandUrl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandActivate.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\regex\RegexOr.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wbs\WBSDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\NoStyleAvailableException.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\objectdiagram\command\CommandCreateEntityObjectMultilines.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-1-camerapreview\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial1\Tutorial1Activity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\SpriteContainer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\g2d\DriverDotPathG2d.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\UGraphicFilter.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\TimeConstraint.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\OptionPrint.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\openiconic\PSystemListOpenIconicFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\JsonSetTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\ORBFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\graphics\DiagramComponent.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\annotation\Original.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core\TaskAttribute.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\ClusterDotString.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\g2d\DriverPixelG2d.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\UHidden.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandFooter.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cucadiagram\MethodsOrFieldsArea.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\util\Util.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ScaleWidthAndHeight.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\ArrowDirection.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\label\xlabels__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\gvc\gvcontext__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\file\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\NamedOutputStream.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\TimingDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceLayout_0001_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\util\ConfigParameters.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\font\PSystemListFonts.java java
samples/plantuml\src\com\plantuml\api\cheerpj\StaticMemory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\ChecksumException.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\core\ConversionOptions.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\UStroke.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\SubjectProject.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\command\CommandPixelHeight.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\mindmap\SymetricalTee.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stats\StatsImpl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\EbnfExpression.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_gvplugin_available_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\FormatException.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageNote.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityPlus.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\webp\SegmentQuant.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TeozAltElseParallel_0003_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\SecurityDefaultNoopAuthorizeManagerTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\Macro.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\command\CommandNoteLong.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\A0000_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\EncodeHintType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\statediagram\command\CommandCreatePackage2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vertical\FtileDiamondWIP.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\preproc\Define.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\jsondiagram\TextBlockJson.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\windowsdot\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\rose\ComponentRoseReference.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\PackageStyle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\geom\XRectangle2D.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\ETileNot.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\SkinParamUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core3\TimeLineSimple.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\LogicalAnd.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemEggFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\descdiagram\command\Labels.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\MiddleSubset.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\puma\PSegment.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\dotgen\position__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wire\CommandPrint.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\qrcode\decoder\Mode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemColors.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\abel\EntityPosition.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockWithUrl.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\RandomFuntionTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\HeaderLayout.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ditaa\PSystemDitaaFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\iterator\CodeIteratorSub.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandMultilinesBracket.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\ETileOneOrMore.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\UParamNull.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\ACCESS.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\SimpleContext2D.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\html5\DriverLineHtml5.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\Swimable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\ComplementInColors.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\error\PSystemUnsupported.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\argon2\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\telnet\AcceptTelnetClient.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImagePort.java java
samples/opencv\modules\java\test\pure_test\src\org\opencv\test\OpenCVTestRunner.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\label\rectangle__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\PageSplitter.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\zopfli\Util.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\version\FutureVersion.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\iterator\CodeIterator.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\parser\StyleParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandAutonumberStop.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\plugin\dot_layout\gvlayout_dot_layout__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\openiconic\data\DummyIcon.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\api\NiceNumber.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\annotation\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\argon2\Constants.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\timescale\TimeScaleWink.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\tikz\DriverDotPathTikz.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\strcasecmp__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\Xargs.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\Ftile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\braille\DriverDotPathBraille.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\FtileWithSwimlanes.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\InstructionPartition.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\Value.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\chronology\ComplementHour.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\TimeProjected.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\JsonSet.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\statediagram\StateDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\PName.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\visio\VisioRectangle.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\HoughLine\HoughLines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\TopFirst.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\SecurityAuthenticationTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vertical\FtileBlackBlock.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\UPattern.java java
samples/plantuml\test\test\utils\JunitUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\descdiagram\command\CommandArchimate.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityFactoryPlus.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\descdiagram\command\CommandNewpage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\EventWithNote.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\annotation\DeadCode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_dthold_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\help\CommandHelpFont.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\command\ColorChange.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\StringUtilsTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\g2d\DriverCenteredCharacterG2d.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\filesdiagram\FEntry.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\hand\URectangleHand.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\StripeLatex.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\json\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\ExecutionContextWhile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\routespl__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cheneer\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\InstructionLabel.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\Display.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\FtileGeometry.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\dotgen\aspect__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\ETileBox.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\FileMaker.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\DotPath.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\GraphvizCrash.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sdot\DebugUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\Text.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\argon2\algorithm\Initialize.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\command\CommandClock.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\command\CommandStart3.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sdot\BoxInfo.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\ChrTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\StdrptPipe0.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_refstr_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\command\CommandRobustConcise.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfFloat4.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\objectdiagram\command\CommandCreateMap.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TimingMessageArrowFont_0002_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\asciiart\UmlCharAreaImpl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\graphic\IntricatedPoint.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceLeftMessageAndActiveLifeLines_0002_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\CommandEndBranch.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\brotli\Context.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\oregon\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\font\PSystemListFontsFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\HideShow001_Test.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\KeyPointTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\braille\DriverTextBraille.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\AbstractComplementTaskInstant.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\GeneratedImage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\xml\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\UGraphic.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\Parser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\StringUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityHalfArrow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_Agobj_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\nwdiag\CommandGroup.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\log\SimpleFormatter.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\time\WeekNumberStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_fontinfo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\MiddleFactoryCircleCircled.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\eclipse\HelloCV\src\Main.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wbs\CommandWBSItem.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\LeftFirst.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\GArrows.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\TextAttributes.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandNamespaceEmpty.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\elk\proxy\core\math\ElkPadding.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\StringCompressorNone.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\objectdiagram\AbstractClassOrObjectDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\src\com\plantuml\api\cheerpj\v1\Svg.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\color\HColorSimple.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\test\Point3Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemAppleTwo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\factory\ElementFactoryLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbolLabel.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\TimLoader.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\board\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\version\PLSSignature.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\plot\CartesianCoordinateSystem.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceLayout_0006_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stats\api\StatsTable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\solver\AbstractSolver.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_arrowname_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ScaleMaxHeight.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\text\BackSlash.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\TimeMessage.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\geom\PlacementStrategyVisibility.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\text\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\posimo\Path.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\elk\proxy\graph\ElkLabel.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\LowerTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\PSystemBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_Agedgepair_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\NoteBox.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\CreoleMode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\label\split_q__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\VariableExists.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceArrows_0002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\braille\BrailleGrid.java java
samples/plantuml\test\test\test\ApiV2Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\graphml\GraphmlDescriptionDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\xmi\clazz\XMI0004_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\html\CucaDiagramHtmlMaker.java java
samples/opencv\modules\features2d\misc\java\test\DENSEFeatureDetectorTest.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfPoint3.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\NoteStyle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\expression\TokenType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\url\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\abel\Bag.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vcompact\UGraphicInterceptorGoto.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\FontStyle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\cdt\dtrestore__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\GraphicAttributes.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\posimo\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_layout_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\Styleable.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cheneer\command\CommandAssociateTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\atom\AtomWithMargin.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\command\CommandPrintBetween.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\jsondiagram\Arrow.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\Positionner2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\time\DayOfWeek.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\regexdiagram\ShuntingYard.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\core\DiagramType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\TitleBox.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TeozTimelineIssues_0005_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageJson.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\statediagram\command\CommandEndState.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\SvekUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\util\Format.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\stdlib\SplitStrRegexTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\MessageExoType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dot\ExeState.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\command\CommandGroupStart.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\hand\ULineHand.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemAppleTwoFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_aspect_t.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\mobilenet-objdetect\src\org\opencv\samples\opencv_mobilenet\MainActivity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\Brace.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\deflate\CanonicalCode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\geom\MagneticBorderNone.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\asciiart\ComponentTextActor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\token\TokenAuthAccessInterceptor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dedication\RBlock.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core\Resource.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageBranch.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_RTree.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stereo\Stereostyles.java java
samples/plantuml\test\test\test\PlantUmlTestUtilsTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\com\plantuml\api\cheerpj\Utils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityLineCrowfoot.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockRecentred.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\board\BoardDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockInEllipse.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\abel\LineConfigurable.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\utils\CharInspectorImpl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\draw\TaskDrawDiamond.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\brotli\Transform.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\Stripe.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\stats\api\StatsLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\image\EntityImageClassHeader.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\xmi\SequenceDiagramXmiMaker.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\DaysAsDates.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\util\ConfigParametersBasedConfigData.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\preproc2\PreprocessorModeSet.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wbs\CommandWBSItemMultiline.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\ArobaseStringCompressor2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\Tile.java java
samples/plantuml\test\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\basicauth\BasicAuthAuthorizeManagerTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\NotesTile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandNamespace2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\hcl\HclParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommonCommands.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\ResourcesUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\flashcode\FlashCodeUtilsNone.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TeozTimelineIssues_0002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\qrcode\decoder\BitMatrixParser.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\SvekEdge.java java
samples/opencv\modules\video\misc\java\test\TrackerCreateTest.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TeozAltElseParallel_0004_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\chronology\ChronologyDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\Ports.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\ComplementFromTo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram\command\CommandLinkActivity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\gtile\GtileSplit.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\png\PngIO.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\statediagram\command\CommandConcurrentState.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\SentenceProducer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityArrowAndCircle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\yaml\YamlDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\debug\SmetanaDebug.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\video\meanshift\MeanshiftDemo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\jsondiagram\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemWelcome.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\gitlog\Commit.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dedication\QBlocks.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\annotation\Reviewed.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\swing\ImageWindow.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+Rect.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\gitlog\SmetanaForGit.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\ExecutionContexts.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\xmi\XmiClassDiagramStandard.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\ChenMovieAlias_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dedication\PSystemDedicationFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\command\CommandStop3.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\ComplementIntervalsSmart.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\CommandNoteMultilines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\gtile\GtileTopDown3.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\draw\TaskDrawGroup.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\txt\UGraphicTxt.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\lang\SentencePausesDayOfWeek.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\AbstractUGraphicHorizontalLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\Lazy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\UImageSvg.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\splines__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\telnet\TelnetServer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\cdt\dtsize__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\CommandAnything.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\dotgen\class1__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\CommunicationTileSelfNoteLeft.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\compress\PiecewiseAffineOnXorYBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\DotMode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\EaterLog.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\TextBlockable.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\Histograms_Matching\back_projection\CalcBackProjectDemo2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\graphics\FontMeasurer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vertical\FtileBox.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\Frontier.java java
samples/opencv\modules\core\misc\java\src\java\core+MatOfDMatch.java java
samples/plantuml\src\org\stathissideris\ascii2image\text\CellSet.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\ZadBuilder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\command\CommandUseDateFormat.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\legacy\StripeRaw.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\DelayTile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\teoz\MutingLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vcompact\FtileIfLongHorizontal.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\SequenceDiagramFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\classdiagram\command\CommandNamespaceSeparator.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\Completion.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cucadiagram\DisplaySection.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\oauth\OAuth2AccessInterceptor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core\TaskInstant.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\chronology\SubjectTask.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\CleanerEmptyLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\CStarStar.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\command\CommandCreoleSizeChange.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\VisibilityModifier.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\text\StyledString.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\SingleLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cheneer\ChenEerDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\A0004_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\ShapeType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\WithSprite.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\dotgen\sameport__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\TimingRuler.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\rose\ComponentRoseEntity.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\SheetBlock1.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\SheetBlock2.java java
samples/opencv\samples\android\tutorial-4-opencl\src\org\opencv\samples\tutorial4\Tutorial4Activity.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgTrans\warp_affine\GeometricTransformsDemo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_BestPos_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\plot\CircleSymbolFactory.java java
samples/plantuml\test\test\utils\StringTestUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\EaterStartsub.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\gvc\gvplugin__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\UEmpty.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\memory__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\common\BitArray.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\elk\proxy\core\options\SizeConstraint.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\png\PngSizer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\ClusterDecoration.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\ComponentExtraArrows_0001_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\CommandEBnfSingleLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\wire\CommandComponent.java java
samples/plantuml\src\smetana\core\CString.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\creole\command\SvgAttributesChange.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\Branch.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbolNode.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\HideShow002_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\api\mda\option3\MDAVisitor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\CommandGoto.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_Ppoly_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\URLEncoder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\real\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\TeozAltElseParallel_0005_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core3\Histogram.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\Step1MessageExo.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\ImgProc\tutorial_template_matching\MatchTemplateDemo.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\openiconic\SvgPosition.java java
samples/opencv\samples\java\tutorial_code\features2D\Homography\PanoramaStitchingRotatingCamera.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_Agedgeinfo_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\eggs\PSystemPath.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\command\CommandPrintScale.java java
samples/plantuml\src\zext\plantuml\com\google\zxing\DecodeHintType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\CommandMultilinesTitle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\TMode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ebnf\PSystemEbnf.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\asciiart\ComponentTextActiveLine.java java
samples/opencv\modules\objdetect\misc\java\test\ObjdetectTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\command\CommandExoArrowLeft.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\mda\MDAPackageImpl.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\board\BNode.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\core\TaskGroup.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbolComponent2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\dot\GraphvizWindowsLite.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockLineBefore.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\expression\ReversePolishInterpretor.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_shape_desc.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_SplitQ_t.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\project\LabelStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\chronology\ComplementAnything.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\tim\EaterIfndef.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\emoji\data\Dummy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\compress\UGraphicCompressOnXorY.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_splines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\SpriteGrayLevel.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\common\geom__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\ant\PlantUmlTask.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\svg\DriverCenteredCharacterSvg.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\DrawableSet.java java
samples/plantuml\test\test\utils\ImageTestUtils.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\code\Tokens.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\security\authentication\oauth\OAuth2ClientAccessAuthorizeManager.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\dotgen\conc__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\timingdiagram\Player.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityCircleLine.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\Run.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\SequenceLayout_0001b_TestResult.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\command\SingleLineCommand2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\decoration\symbol\USymbolHexagon.java java
samples/plantuml\src\h\ST_gvlayout_engine_s.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\mindmap\package-info.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\json\WriterConfig.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\real\RealMin.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\RoundedSouth.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\skin\ComponentStyle.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\SequenceDiagram.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\xmi\XmiDescriptionDiagramScript.java java
samples/opencv\modules\imgcodecs\misc\java\test\ImgcodecsTest.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\text\Guillemet.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\api\v2\DiagramReturn.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\shape\TextBlockVertical2.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\DataSource.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\emoji\PSystemListEmoji.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\drawing\eps\EpsStrategy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\RectangleRenderer.java java
samples/plantuml\test\nonreg\simple\HideShow003_Test.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\InstructionWhile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\svek\extremity\ExtremityFactoryExtendsLike.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\bpm\Cell.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\file\AFileZipEntry.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\golem\Tile.java java
samples/plantuml\src\jcckit\graphic\PolygonRenderer.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\style\parser\StyleTokenType.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\klimt\sprite\PSystemListInternalSprites.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\png\PngRotation.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\descdiagram\command\CommandCreateElementMultilines.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\cucadiagram\BodierLikeClassOrObject.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\sequencediagram\graphic\ParticipantBox.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\hcl\HclTerm.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\ftile\vcompact\FtileIfLongVertical.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\WrappedElement.java java
samples/plantuml\src\gen\lib\cgraph\refstr__c.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\salt\element\ElementBorder.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\elk\proxy\ElkObjectProxy.java java
samples/plantuml\src\net\sourceforge\plantuml\activitydiagram3\command\CommandArrow3.java java
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\db\tests\provider_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\indexed_docs\src\providers.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\theme\src\styles\system.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\input.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\assets\src\assets.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\git_hosting_providers\src\providers\github.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui_macros\src\derive_path_str.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tests\contributor_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\tooling\xtask\src\tasks\package_conformity.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\db\tables\usage.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\channel\src\channel_buffer.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\navigable.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\linux\wayland\cursor.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\elements\animation.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project\src\lsp_command.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\taffy.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\welcome\src\multibuffer_hint.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\zed\src\zed\app_menus.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\mac\window.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\linux\wayland\client.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\src\assets.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\queries\notifications.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\markdown\src\markdown.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\rich_text\src\rich_text.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\util\src\fs.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\semantic_index\fixture\main.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\tests\random_channel_buffer_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\copilot\src\copilot_chat.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\repl\src\components\kernel_options.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\linux\x11.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\astro\src\astro.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\facepile.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language_model\src\registry.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\context_servers\src\context_servers.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\linux\text_system.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\assistant\src\slash_command\terminal_command.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\git_hosting_providers\src\providers.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\editor_settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\shared_string.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\repl\src\notebook\notebook_ui.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language\src\outline.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\extension_version.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\key_dispatch.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extensions_ui\src\extension_slash_command.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension_api\wit\since_v0.2.0\settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\server.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project\src\buffer_store.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\theme\src\font_family_cache.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\assistant\src\slash_command\symbols_command.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\db\tables.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\remote_server\src\headless_project.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\telemetry_events\src\telemetry_events.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\live_kit_client\src\live_kit_client.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tests\processed_stripe_event_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\live_kit_server\src\token.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\assets.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tests\buffer_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\test\neovim_backed_test_context.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\indexed_docs\src\indexed_docs.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project_panel\src\project_panel.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension\src\extension_builder.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project\src\worktree_store.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\live_kit_client\src\test.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\prelude.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\clickhouse.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\list\list_separator.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\db\queries\providers.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\stories\label.rs rs
samples/zed\tooling\xtask\src\tasks\licenses.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tests\channel_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\workspace\src\tasks.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\fs\src\mac_watcher.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tests\billing_subscription_tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\languages\src\python.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\live_kit_server\src\proto.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\build.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project\src\project_settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\visual.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\src\actions.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\queries\dev_server_projects.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\buffer_operation.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extensions_ui\src\extension_version_selector.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\terminal_view\src\terminal_panel.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab_ui\src\collab_panel\contact_finder.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\copilot\src\request.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\normal\yank.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\semantic_index\src\project_index_debug_view.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\worktree\src\worktree.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\welcome\src\welcome.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\auto_update\src\auto_update.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\fsevent\examples\events.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\normal\increment.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\workspace\src\workspace_settings.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\deno\src\deno.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\src\stories\text.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\git\blame.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension\src\extension_manifest.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\audio\src\audio.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\contributor.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language_model\src\model\mod.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\html_to_markdown\src\html_element.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\sqlez\src\bindable.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\anthropic\src\supported_countries.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\text\src\tests.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\extension.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\mac\events.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\queries\extensions.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\outline\src\outline.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\mac\platform.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language_model\src\logging.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension_api\wit\since_v0.1.0\settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\buffer_snapshot.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\theme\src\fallback_themes.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\worktree_repository_statuses.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\remote_server\build.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\indicator.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language_model\src\settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\docs_preprocessor\src\templates.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\styles\platform.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\git\src\git.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\file_finder\src\new_path_prompt.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\title_bar\src\stories\application_menu.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\paths\src\paths.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\list\list.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\api\slack.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\traits.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\assistant\src\model_selector.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\client\src\telemetry.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\examples\ownership_post.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\rust_analyzer_ext.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\hover_links.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\windows\events.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\motion.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\uiua\src\uiua.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\settings\src\key_equivalents.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\app\entity_map.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\zed\src\zed\linux_prompts.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\indent.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\hunk_diff.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\repl\src\components.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\worktree.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\settings_ui\src\settings_ui.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\linux\headless\client.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\object.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\assistant_slash_command\src\slash_command_registry.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\observed_buffer_edits.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\queries\contacts.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\label\label.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\copilot\src\copilot_completion_provider.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\src\stories\picker.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\api\billing.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\search\src\mode.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\remote_server\src\main.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\search\src\buffer_search.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\toolchain_selector\src\active_toolchain.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\snippets_ui\src\snippets_ui.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab_ui\src\collab_ui.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\zed\build.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\feedback\src\feedback.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\token.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\rpc\src\llm.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\theme\src\schema.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui_macros\src\derive_into_element.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\app\async_context.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension_cli\src\main.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\semantic_index\src\embedding_index.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\file_finder\src\open_path_prompt.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\client\src\socks.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\global.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\title_bar\src\platforms.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\elixir\src\language_servers.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\elements\anchored.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\context_servers\src\registry.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\erlang\src\language_servers\erlang_language_platform.rs rs
samples/zed\extensions\erlang\src\language_servers\erlang_ls.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\change_list.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\story\src\story.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\examples\input.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\test\dispatcher.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\examples\image\image.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\notification_kind.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\repl\src\notebook\cell.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\quick_action_bar\src\toggle_markdown_preview.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collections\src\collections.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\live_kit_server\src\live_kit_server.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\test.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\rpc.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\remote_server\src\remote_server.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\repl\src\kernels.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\git\src\remote.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\llm\db\tables\monthly_usage.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\extension_host\src\wasm_host\wit\since_v0_1_0.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui_macros\src\ui_macros.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\hover_popover.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\display_map\tab_map.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\project\src\lsp_store.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\theme\src\registry.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\language\src\language_settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\stories\tab_bar.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\vim\src\normal\delete.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\language_server.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\storybook\src\stories\kitchen_sink.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\collab\src\db\tables\room.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\disclosure.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\file_finder\src\file_finder_settings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\keymap.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\gpui\src\platform\windows\window.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\search\src\buffer_search\registrar.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\worktree\src\ignore.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\ui\src\components\tooltip.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\editor\src\display_map\inlay_map.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\fuzzy\src\strings.rs rs
samples/zed\crates\proto\build.rs rs
